hello everyone Richard and in this video
I would be going over a recent bukkit
plugin that I just completed and
explaining a bit about in giving a
tutorial on how can figure it so this is
called the Welcome pro plugin and it
basically adds this fancy welcome
message with a configurable message of
the day and a configurable server name
and so I'm just going to do that right
now and briefly show you how you use the
commands that explain the permissions so
there's two commands in the cert in this
plugin and there's three permissions the
first permission is welcome pro dot
welcome and this basically just
determines anyone in that group anyone
with that permission can see this
welcome message this is just handy if
you only want it admins to be able see a
welcome message in the welcome and the
message of the day because it was only
pertaining to admins or something and
the next feature next command there's
welcome pro dot server name and welcome
pro motd and each of those just
basically determine who can access their
corresponding commands so i'll go over
the server name command first and this
should probably only be given to admins
because you want to want a mod on your
server a moderator under server to be
able to change the server name so you
just type server name and it kind of
spaces in it and basically i'll just
change it to test server also I should
mention there's a character cap of 15
looking at it now that's probably a
little too short and I might change it
to 20 or 22 or something in the future
but in this bill that's still 15 so i'll
click on that and you notice when i
entered it there was no no messages or
anything in chat but it is changed and
when the cool features is in addition to
changing it in the file itself it
changes it right in the plug-in so
anyone who logged in after that would
see it without any reloads so if i just
join this server test server you'll
notice it now says test server here and
so now the message of the day command
works a little differently and it's more
complicated there are basically the web
programs message of the day there's
three lines for the message of the day
or there can be you don't have to use
all three but you probably will and each
line can have no more than
30 characters which again looking back
at it's a little shorter than it
probably could be and I might expand
it's like 35 or 38 or 40 or something
and basically you just type in the first
argument is like one two or three and it
can only be that because that's just to
determine what line you'll be changing
from a message of the day or setting so
we'll use one and then there can be
spaces in the message and I'll say this
is a test message it might be too long
okay that wasn't too long because I
would have gotten something about it not
being about being too long if I did that
so then we'll say line two and so is
this or I'll put this is a test message
also is a test message also and it also
let me set that and then I'll say this
is the last line and then maybe in
parentheses line three I don't know if
that's too long okay yeah it's saying
it's too long one of the features i'm
planning on adding is it'll tell you how
many characters it was so you know how
much to delete so i'll say maybe just 3
in parentheses yep so now let me set it
and if i disconnect and hit multiplayer
to reconnect again you'll see it says
welcome back Lord Fendall 22 and then
motd which stands for message of the day
course this is a test message this is a
test message also and this is the last
line and then in parentheses 3 so that
gives you a cool idea of how an
interesting idea of how set you get the
message a day for your server and how it
can figure this and so the last thing is
there may be a case where whatever
message of the day you had isn't
relevant anymore saying you say for
example you had there was going to be
party at eight pm eastern on your server
or whatever but the party's over and you
don't have any new message of the day
set so if you tried to like you race it
into something blank by doing motd one
it'll say there's not enough parameters
so what you do is you type
en PTY and you have to do it exactly
full caps like that and empty because I
figured no one would ever have that is
their message of the day line and so it
will recognize that and it'll set the
entire file worth storing the
information variable to just empty and
so then or two blank to nothing
basically and so if you do that with all
three of your lines or like this if you
do it roll three and then disconnect the
next person who joins or when I'm
joining in we'll see there is no message
today so that's an interesting way and a
handy feature people will empty the
message of the day and set it to nothing
if you don't want one anymore and that's
pretty much it I'll be adding a bunch
more features to this plug-in hopefully
I have a few more plan like groups so
different people in different groups
will see different messages of the day I
also have been thinking about custom
server Joe custom server join and leave
messages basically as you notice I'm not
getting glorfindel 22 joined the game
here and that's because it's broadcasted
to all players on the server except the
one who logs in so that's just a nice
way because I figured you're already
gave this fancy welcome message why
should you have Griffin bill 22 or
whatever the player name is joined the
game and yeah so if you'd like to
support this plugin um you can download
my other mods or my ahmad the recipe
expansion pack that helps you could
donate if you want to i know not
everyone can donate though obviously and
you can also download like the banner or
share this with your friends and also
since YouTube is my other hobby in
addition to programming I would greatly
appreciate it if you subscribed is
YouTube channel so yeah thanks for
watching I hope you understood this
tutorial i hope this mod will be handy
or this ma this plugin will be handy on
your server and yeah Richard out